# start

Event to be sent when something needs to be measured (except for game session that is handled by a specific event game-start). Will be used to calculate things max, min and average time for the measured value. Differently to game-start, game-stop and game-heartbeat, there is no heartbeat for the start and stop event, meaning that no measurement will be calculated unless a stop event is sent for the specific time period measured.

## When?
When every something starts that you want to measure.

## Why?
Nether uses Start Events to signal the start of a time period. Remember to also send a stop event with the same eventCorrelationId in order signal an end of the measured time period.

## Request

See Common parameters and headers that are used by all requests related to analytics

Method  | Request URI
------- | -----------
POST    | <event hub url>

### JSON Body
```json
{
    "event": "start",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "clientUtc": "2016-08-26T13:37:00",
    "eventCorrelationId": "30CF7D99-B567-43CF-A3AC-387580DEEB3D",
    "durationName": "Room Open Length"
    "gameSessionId": "09D2A167-7F12-44D9-A596-9ED22B694191"
}


```

Element name       | Required | Type   | Description
------------------ | -------- | ------ | -----------
event              | Yes      | String | Specifies the type of event being sent.
version            | Yes      | String | Specifies the version of event.
clientUtc          | Yes      | String | UTC time reported by the client.
eventCorrelationId | Yes      | String | A unique identifier that is used to find the correlated start and stop event that belong together.
durationName       | Yes      | String | A name (and identifier) that will be visible in the resulting reports representing the duration measured.
gameSessionId      | No       | String | A unique game session id, most often a GUID generated by the client, that is used to group events that all belong to a single game session. Don't reuse Game Session Ids for more than one session!
